                    _       __     __                             
                   | |     / /__  / /________  ____ ___  ___      
                   | | /| / / _ \/ / ___/ __ \/ __ `__ \/ _ \     
                   | |/ |/ /  __/ / /__/ /_/ / / / / / /  __/                   
                   |__/|__/\___/_/\___/\____/_/ /_/ /_/\___/      
                                                 
                                     __                    
                                    / /_____               
                                   / __/ __ \              
                                  / /_/ /_/ /              
                                  \__/\____/               
                                                  
                      _____       ___     ______        __        
                     / ___/____  / (_)___/ / __ \____  / /_       
                     \__ \/ __ \/ / / __  / / / / __ \/ __/       
                    ___/ / /_/ / / / /_/ / /_/ / /_/ / /_         
                   /____/\____/_/_/\__,_/\____/ .___/\__/         
                                             /_/                 

1. WHAT IS IT
  The SolidOpt project provides tools and libraries, which model and transform
executable code during program's entire lifecycle. It provides tools to 
facilitate the construction of optimization modules. SolidOpt also provides an 
environment simplifying loading of optimization modules and other code 
transformations, which might be used for controling the resources that a .NET 
program uses.
  Different representations (code models) of the target application code 
facilitate the implementation of transformation and optimization methods. 
SolidOpt can be used as a compiler optimization using available optimization 
methods and representations.

2. FOUNDERS
  Founders of the project are Vassil Vassilev and Alexander Penev as part of
their research interests and vision. They hold the exclusive copyright and other
related rights, described in Copyright.txt.

3. CONTRIBUTORS
  We have quite a few contributors, whose contribution is described briefly in
Credits.txt. If you don't find your name among the list of contributors, please
contact us!

4. LICENSE
  SolidOpt is an open source project, licensed by GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC 
LICENSE (see License.txt). If there is module with different that LGPL license
it will be explicitly stated in the License.txt in the module's source code 
folder. 
  Please see License.txt for further information.

5. HOW TO CONTRIBUTE
  As stated in 2. SolidOpt is an open source project. Like most of the open 
source projects we constantly lack of manpower and contributions of any sort are
very welcome. The best starting point is to download the source code and start
playing with it. There are a lot of tests showing implicitly the available 
functionality. Another good starting point is:
www.solidopt.org/en/get-involved-now

$Id$

